# Cash-Flow-Statement-ANNA-COCONUT-TRADERS
Anna was a young entrepreneur who had always dreamt of starting his own business.
He had a passion for trading coconuts and had been planning for years to start his own coconut trading business. 
Finally on 1st January, he  decided to take the leap and started ‘Anna Coconut Trader' with an initial capital  of 1 crore rupees.
The first thing Anna did was to purchase a mini truck for transporting coconuts from the farms to his warehouse.
He also bought a building to use as a warehouse and furniture to store coconuts. All these assets were purchased with the cash he had on hand.
**They took a loan of Rs. 20,00,000 in the beginning of January**
To understand how the cash flows are generated by the company, they  want to divide the cash flows in three categories: operating cash flow, investing cash flow, and financing cash flow. 
They knew that by separating these cash flows, he could get a better understanding of how his business was doing. 
Anna was very pleased with the first month of his business. He had made a net profit and had managed to keep his operating expenses under control. 
He knew that running a successful business would require him to keep a close eye on his cash flows. He has asked your advice on how the company is doing on the cash flow front. 
He also wants to understand the position of assets and liabilities of the business.
**For this we will have to prepare-**

* Cash flow statement with operating, Financing and Investing activities.
* Balance Sheet.
* Find out the operating cash inflow/outflow as % of EBITDA  or cash conversion ratio. 
* How the depreciation is affecting the investing cash flow.

All the data that is needed is provided in the following Google slide-
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LEiI9H_q7WMasvPbnS_4p3tzLEUL1XT6t6GI8cC55sk/edit?usp=sharing

## Key learnings-
* Developing Cash Balance statement
* Idenitfying Operating, Financial and Investing incomes and expenses.
* Developing Cash Flow statement
* Building Balance sheet of the company
* Calculating EBITDA in %

  **This Project is done in Google Spreadsheets and all the data that is used is an assumption in this case study**
